add error to prevent segfault when setDT and attr<- (#6419)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

9. `rbindlist` and `rbind` binding `bit64::integer64` columns with `character`/`complex`/`list` columns now works, [#5504](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5504). Thanks to @MichaelChirico for the request and @ben-schwen for the PR.

> 10. `setDT(df)` and subsequent adding new columns with `set` could lead to segfault when object was attributes were added in between with `attr(df) <-`, [#6410](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6410). Thanks to @hongyuanjia for the report and @ben-schwen for the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Fixed possible segfault in `setDT(df); attr(df, key) <- value; set(df, ...)`, i.e. adding columns to an object with `set()` that was converted to data.table and later had attributes add with `attr<-`, [#6410](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6410). Thanks to @hongyuanjia for the report and @ben-schwen for the PR. Note that `setattr()` should be preferred for adding attributes to a data.table.
```
